Document how to upload auto generated bundles/hermes on RN (#5236)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/hermes.mdx

If you are manually bundling and building React Native apps, follow this three-step process.

### Upload the auto generated `Bundle` and `Sourcemaps` instead of manually compiling them.

`$projectFolder` is the App's project folder.

> `$projectName` is your Project's name.

Reviewer: The suggestion should be `your project name`.

#### iOS

First you have to edit your `Bundle React Native code and images` build phase in the `$projectFolder/ios/$projectName.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj` file.

Change the `shellScript` line:

_Old_:

```bash
shellScript = "set -e\n\nexport NODE_BINARY=node\n../node_modules/react-native/scripts/react-native-xcode.sh\n";
```

_New_:

```bash
shellScript = "export EXTRA_PACKAGER_ARGS=\"--sourcemap-output $DERIVED_FILE_DIR/main.jsbundle.map\"\nset -e\n\nexport NODE_BINARY=node\n../node_modules/react-native/scripts/react-native-xcode.sh\n";
```

This is going to tell the `bundler` to auto generate the `source maps` file.

`$user` is your machine's user.

`$projectId` is the Xcode's auto generated Id (e.g. `gmkfjriwzilshxbnndebbqxcwwpn`).

`$device` is the device's target when compiling your app (e.g. `iphonesimulator`).

Bundle: `/Users/$user/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/$projectName-$projectId/Build/Products/Release-$device/main.jsbundle`

Sourcemaps: `/Users/$user/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/$projectName-$projectId/Build/Intermediates.noindex/$projectName.build/Release-$device/$projectName.build/DerivedSources/main.jsbundle.map`

> File paths represent a `macOS` file system, they might differ from other operating systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
File paths below represent a `macOS` file system, however they might differ on other operating systems.
```

> If you run `npx react-native run-ios --configuration Release`, the CLI is going to output the following logging:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run `npx react-native run-ios --configuration Release`, the CLI is going to output the following:
```

`info Installing "/Users/$user/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/$projectName-$projectId/Build/Products/Release-$device/$projectName.app"`

> This is the folder you should use to look up the `Bundle` and sourcemaps.

Reviewer: For me, it's not 100% what `this` refers to. Is it the above output?

> If you decide uploading the auto generated files above, you can skip the `Compile Sourcemaps` step below and go directly to `Upload the Bundle and Source Maps`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you decide to upload the auto-generated files above, you can skip the [Compile Sourcemaps](#compile-sourcemaps) step next and go directly to [Upload the Bundle and Source Maps](#upload-the-bundle-and-source-maps)
```

<Note>

> You will upload the **original** bundle (`.bundle` or `.jsbundle`, output from Step 1) and the **composed** source map (`.map`, output from Step 3)

Reviewer 2: It's not clear which steps you're referring to here. The three numbered steps in the previous section? If so, then suggest the following:
```suggestion
You will upload the **original** bundle (`.bundle` or `.jsbundle`, output from Step 1) and the **composed** source map (`.map`, output from Step 3) under [Compile Sourcemaps](#compile-sourcemaps).
```

if you mean the larger steps of this process, then we need to number the big headings and then make the steps under Compile Sourcemaps a, b, c, rather than 1, 2, 3.
